[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
The stage was set
for the fourth match
of the World Martial
Arts Tournament
between Great Saiyaman
and Kibito.
Forgive me, young man,
but it is imperative
that I ask you to become
what your people call
"Super Saiyan."
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
Shin--revealed to be
the Supreme Kai--
had a warning.
Also, it is vital
that none of you
attempts to make a move against
what you're about to see.
[NARRATOR]
At Kibito's insistence,
Gohan transformed
into a Super Saiyan
before the crowd and
made his powers known!
[GOHAN grunts]
[bellows]
[NARRATOR] That's when
Yamu and Spopovitch
launched a surprise attack--
wounding Gohan
with a strange device,
and throwing the
tournament into chaos!
If you'd be so kind,
I need you all
to accompany me
while I track them.
It would be of great help.
This is insane!
What do we do?
I plan to
go along for the ride.
Besides, whatever this is,
I have a feeling we're needed.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[VIDEL panting]
Gohan! Are you all right?
Say something! Please!
What are you waiting for?
Get the medics over here!
[ERASA]
Hey, Sharpner.
That looks like Videl, but I
thought she was injured.
Yeah, she was!
Someone better pinch me
'cause this can't be real!
Ow!
Whaddya say?
You coming along?
Well, if you're gonna
chase after those guys,
then I guess I can't exactly
sit this one out.
I've got a bad feeling
about it, though.
You go on ahead-- I'm gonna
tell my wife what I'm up to.
Uh, okay.
[grunts]
You're not going anywhere!
The fight after this one
is our showdown,
and you're not
squirming out of it!
Just calm down. If the
Supreme Kai needs our help,
then don't you think
the rematch can wait?
I don't care
who needs our help!
I didn't sign up for this
idiotic tournament
to solve other people's
problems for them!
I'm here to defeat you
in one-on-one combat,
once and for all!
Why else would I
let myself be counted
among these weaklings?
I get where you're
coming from--I really do.
And we're gonna
have our chance to fight.
Even if it has to be sometime
after the World Martial
Arts Tournament,
I promise it'll happen.
That works for you,
right, Vegeta?
[VEGETA] What good
does later do me?
You can only stay here
for a freakin' day!
You could come
to Otherworld sometime
and we could
fight there, I guess.
[PICCOLO] Come on! This is
no time to squabble.
Right, Piccolo!
We're heading out.
Are you sure it's okay
to leave Gohan with you?
It's for the best.
As soon as I've restored
your son to health,
I'll be along.
I think Gohan will likely
join you, as well.
[VEGETA]
Damn it all!
[VEGETA] You're really
pissing me off, Kakarot!
[KRILLIN] So, yeah.
The guys kinda need me.
I'm going to keep
fighting in the tournament.
One of us needs
to make some cash.
Good call! Well, try not to
pulverize anyone
during your matches, okay?
See ya!
Run for it
if it gets too dangerous!
[KRILLIN]
Uh-huh!
Where is everyone going?
[KIBITO] You'll find out
when you get there.
[MONK 16A] Please, sir,
out of the way.
This boy needs a doctor!
[KIBITO] It is you
who will stand aside.
But he's been stabbed!
We need to see to his--!
[grunts]
Whatever you say, sir!
[KIBITO] He's absorbing
so much power.
His full strength
is beyond measure.
I never realized
that a mere human
could contain such
a reservoir of pure energy.
No wonder they poached it
from him so brazenly.
So what's going on
down there, huh?
Your brother didn't just lose
his match, did he, Goten?
I can't tell from
up here. I doubt it.
How come our dads
just flew off like that?
[BOTH yell]
[KIBITO grunts]
Gohan. Rise.
You are restored.
[MONK 16A, 16B]
Eeh!
You're looking
as good as new!
It feels like I've got
more power than ever before!
Wait, who are you?
Take to the sky with me.
I will explain on the way.
[GOHAN]
Huh?
[MR. SATAN] Hey! I can't find
Videl--have you seen her?
Yeah. I sure have.
She's right over there.
[MR. SATAN]
Hmm?
Dang it! She's hanging out
with that punk kid again?
Argh! I don't care
if he did fix her up
with some magical bean voodoo!
He'd better not put
the moves on my little girl!
[yells, groans]
Hey Gohan, I want
to come with you guys.
Something's going on.
And I wanna know what.
Yes or no?
I don't think
that's a good idea.
I have a hunch this is
going to get dangerous.
You're safer right here.
I won't get in the way!
I just want to tag along!
If you say no,
I'll just do it anyhow!
[MR. SATAN]
What is she thinking?
Fine, you can come with.
But if things do get dangerous,
you're out of there.
[VIDEL]
Mm!
All right, then. Let's go.
Thank you, Gohan!
[ANNOUNCER]
[babbles incoherently]
How come no one told me
my daughter could fly?
These last couple of minutes,
there's been a lot of flying.
Well, mark my words!
When I get you back down
on Earth, you're grounded!
Sorry, but I don't
think grounding's
gonna work on her.
What the heck is going on?
How did Gohan and Videl just
jump into the air and fly away?
It's been a crazy
day for Videl.
First she gets beat up
by that big guy,
then she's all better again,
and then she's all
"up, up, and away!"
Hey, you guys. Maybe this is
all just smoke and mirrors.
Mr. Satan says this
stuff happens a lot.
I'm sure you're right.
It's gotta be a trick.
Even if Gohan knows how to fly,
I'm supposed to buy that
a girl I've known forever
can suddenly do it, too?
[ERASA] Yeah, that does
seem a little much.
Well, I guess they teamed up
to try and punk the crowd.
And I almost fell for it!
When I see them next,
I'm telling 'em
that is so not cool!
Goten, whaddya think
is going on, huh?
I dunno.
Please, Gohan.
Be careful out there.
How'm I supposed to
have a tournament
if all my best
fighters fly away?
[car horns honking]
[WOMAN 16A]
What happened to the
World Martial
Arts Tournament?
[MAN 16A]
They killed the video--
now it's just
a picture of Mr. Satan.
[ALL gasp]
[KIBITO]
Hmmm.
[GOHAN]
Hm.
[intense music plays]
[GOKU]
Hey!
I'm glad you've
decided to lend a hand.
You have my thanks.
I doubt this is a battle
I could possibly win,
were I to go it alone.
How do you figure?
These guys should be a snap!
Alas, Spopovitch and Yamu
are not the cause of my concern.
It's the dark wizard
controlling them!
Wait. A wizard?
[SUPREME KAI] Indeed. Long ago,
at a time when the human race
was still in its infancy
here on Earth, Bibidi--
a powerful wizard
from the distant edge
of the universe
first appeared.
With him, he brought a terrible
monster of his own creation,
who existed only to destroy.
A monster by
the name of Majin Buu.
[GOKU] Buu, huh? Sounds
pretty harmless to me.
[SUPREME KAI] You couldn't
be more wrong, Goku.
Majin Buu was an instrument
wrought to bring
terror and destruction
to all living things,
and that's exactly what he did,
without a shred of
conscience to deter him.
With Majin Buu
under his control,
Bibidi set about to eradicate
every planet he could find.
Hundreds of worlds--
empty and inhabited alike--
were reduced to rubble.
Entire galaxies were
erased from existence.
No one could withstand the
full force of his malevolence.
[VEGETA] This Buu sounds
like nothing we Saiyans
couldn't have handled.
That's where
you're wrong, my friend.
There used to be
four more Supreme Kai.
Each had such power that
any one of us could have
defeated Frieza
with but a single blow.
Strong as we were,
Majin Buu prevailed
over four of us, leaving me
as the sole survivor.
Whoa! Unreal!
[VEGETA] Tch! How long
has this "Supreme Kai"
been prowling through
my thoughts?
Majin Buu grew in might.
In time, even Bibidi
had trouble controlling him.
[GOKU]
Wha--!
Not trusting his creation
to obey while he was unaware,
Bibidi used a spell
to seal Majin Buu
within a ball and
free him again later.
[KIBITO] With this spell,
Bibidi was able to
transport his creation
from planet to planet.
He brought the
imprisoned monster
to his next target--Earth.
No way! So how'd
the Earth survive?
Luck favored you.
The Supreme Kai succeeded
in finishing off Bibidi
but not before the wizard could
set Majin Buu in motion.
Mm.
Fortunately, the ball in
which Majin Buu was contained
was left where it had landed.
[GOHAN] But why? If that
thing was such a threat,
why not destroy it?
So long as he is
confined within his ball,
Majin Buu is
no threat to anyone.
And until now, we thought
Bibidi was the only one
who could set him free.
Why until now?
Sad to say,
a horrible fact came to light.
The dark wizard Bibidi
had sired a son!
[GOKU gasps]
A creature just
as evil as his father!
The wizard Babidi!
But he can't
open the ball, right?
Unfortunately, the skill
to free Majin Buu
did run in the family.
So you're saying
the kid's the one
controlling Spopovitch and Yamu?
Yes. Babidi's heart is just
as black as his father's,
and his magic is
every bit as powerful.
[KRILLIN] Evil wizards and
world-destroying monsters?
Man, I didn't sign on for this!
So basically,
we gotta keep Babidi
from busting Majin Buu
outta that ball?
That is correct.
Once we defeat Babidi,
the threat should
be neutralized again.
Then, none will remain
with the power to release
the seal on
the creature's prison.
[GOKU] How strong
is this wizard guy?
Physically, he is
nothing to fear--
but the magic at his disposal
is powerful indeed.
It was the same
with his father.
Thanks to his magic,
he can harness the evil
in the hearts of those
such as Yamu and Spopovitch,
thereby reducing them
to mere thralls.
Let us hope no one with true
power falls prey to his spell.
[GOHAN] Wait, I still don't
get why Spopovitch and Yamu
bothered with the World
Martial Arts Tournament.
And what did they
do to me, anyway?
It would seem that
freeing Majin Buu
after such a long
stretch of imprisonment
will require a staggeringly
large amount of pure energy.
So that's why
they came after me?
Babidi sent his minions
to the tournament,
secure in the knowledge
that such an event
would be just
the place for them
to collect the power
they needed.
When you turned
Super Saiyan in our match,
your strength was a prize
they couldn't help but target.
Knowing that Babidi would
try something of the sort,
the Supreme Kai and I entered
the tournament as well,
and bided our time.
The ball containing
Majin Buu has vanished.
We knew of its location
of old, but as of late
there is no sign of it.
We believe it has come
into Babidi's possession,
which is why we're following
those who attacked you.
They will lead us to Babidi.
And wheresoever
Babidi may be hiding,
I would wager there the ball
shall reside as well.
Hey, Videl--you all right?
[VIDEL grunts softly]
What's up?
Nothing, I'm fine.
[GOKU] I gotta ask, if this
Majin Buu is such a bad egg,
why didn't you
take care of him last time,
after you had
defeated Babidi's dad?
I thought it
best at the time.
I didn't want to
risk breaking the seal
and releasing Majin Buu
in the process.
Besides, who would disturb it?
It had landed
in a remote location.
And humanity, a new
presence in the universe,
was busy figuring out
tools and fire.
The ball was
of no threat to them.
[SUPREME KAI]
Mm!
Yeah! We got it done!
When we give him
this much pure energy,
Babidi will be very pleased!
[laughs]
Our reward is sure to be great!
Yeah!
[DINO DAD, MOM rawr]
[DINO CHICKS chirp]
[DINO DAD, MOM squawk]
[DINO CHICKS wail]
[DINO DAD, MOM shriek]
[KIBITO] At this speed,
we'll never catch up
with the Supreme Kai
and the others.
If possible, we need
to fly even faster.
[GOHAN]
Let's speed up, then!
[grunts softly]
Wait! Don't go
faster just yet!
Videl, I don't want you
to push too hard.
I hate to admit it...
...but I don't think
I can fly any faster.
I can barely keep my eyes open.
You just barely started
flying in the first place.
Don't feel bad
about being wiped out.
That aside, though,
I think you should head back.
It sounds like this
is going to be dangerous.
I guess I don't
have a choice, huh?
I would only get in your way,
and that's not right.
Fine, I'll go back.
It's for the best, Videl.
Oh and hey, if you
see my mom or Goten
when you get back
to the tournament grounds,
could you do me a favor
and fill them in
on what's going on?
Yeah, I'll tell 'em.
But I want you
to level with me--
the Golden Warrior
was you, wasn't it?
[GOHAN gasps]
Yeah. I'm sorry
I kept it from you.
I didn't want
anybody to find out.
Seven years ago, during
that big fight with Cell,
it was your friends and
family who challenged him.
Isn't that the case?
Which means that
you were the kid
who was with 'em, right, Gohan?
So, my father wasn't the one
who defeated Cell, huh?
It was you guys.
Well, I mean--
Yeah. Thought so.
Hey, it's not like you have to
lie about it for my sake.
I always thought
it was weird that my dad
could have beaten Cell all by
himself like that, you know?
This comes as a big relief!
Best of luck
against Babidi.
I want you to
find this evil wizard
and show him what
an Earthling can do!
[GOHAN]
Mm!
I'll miss you, Gohan!
I'll be waiting for you back
at the tournament grounds!
Okay!
Are you ready now?
[GOHAN] Yeah.
Sorry for the delay!
Then let us
increase our speed
so we may catch up
with the Supreme Kai.
Right!
Whoa! Just look at 'em go!
You better come back
in one piece,
'cause I think my dad is just
gonna have to get used to you.
Ah! We caught up to 'em!
Right behind you, Dad!
Hey! He's okay!
Glad you made it
to the party, son!
Mm!
I take it that
you've recovered?
Uh-huh!
Did you get the lowdown?
It sounds like our enemy's
an especially nasty guy
this time round.
No kidding!
[GOKU] After all these years, we
get to fight side-by-side again!
[GOHAN]
Let's do it, Dad!
While I'm glad
they're excited an' all.
I really hope we're not getting
ourselves in over our heads.
Hm?
They arrive.
[grunts]
It's just ahead.
Hm!
Look! They're
starting to land!
[BOTH gasp]
Out in the middle
of nowhere?
This is odd.
I know for certain
we checked this area before.
Everyone! Please
suppress your energies!
Do not delay!
I see someone!
Huh?
[GOKU] Is the one
with the funny head Babidi?
[SUPREME KAI]
No, it is not.
That must be another
of Babidi's henchmen.
Hey, you guys, does it
look like the ground
has been recently dug up to
anyone else, or is it just me?
But of course! There was
no sign because Babidi
hid the whole of his
spaceship underground!
He was hiding under
our noses this whole time!
Which means Babidi
may already know
that we are privy to his plans,
and have pursued him to Earth
to stop him from
unlocking the ball.
Else, why would he take care
to camouflage his ship?
Why are we waiting?
We should attack now!
Every second that
passes brings them
one step closer
to releasing Majin Buu!
[SUPREME KAI] No. We wait
for Babidi to show himself.
He'll perform the unsealing
outside the ship,
so as to not destroy it
in the process of
freeing the creature.
Patience, Piccolo.
[gasps]
It looks like
somebody's coming out.
[electric motor humming]
[eerie music plays]
[gasps]
[NARRATOR] The Supreme Kai and
the others have gathered
to prevent the release
of the monster Majin Buu.
But first, they'll
have to contend with
the fearsome villains
that stand in their way--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
So that's Babidi, huh?
The wizard guy who's trying
to let Majin Buu
out of his ball.
Huh? Whoa! Who's that
scary guy next to him?
[SUPREME KAI] No!
If Babidi's enslaved him,
then it's even worse
than I had thought!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOHAN] Look out!
He's headed straight for us!